bye
adobe has probably the most unique floor
plan out of any property of tandem
because there's a private bathroom for
every bedroom so it's very spacious and
very very private so all the amenities
in Adobe are 24 hours and we have a
really nice day to the art fitness
facility to use so I'll show you a
little bit of that have multi gym cardio
equipment we have cable television and
bending so that you can eat your sugar
after you workout and we'll go this way
to arts pull up how this is a place
where we like to host a lot of our
resident events we just had our
continental finals breakfast but as you
can see we have a flat screen TV a gas
fireplace free wireless internet we have
a full-size kitchen it's a great place
for us to all come together so take you
out to the pool in the Cabana area you
can reserve the Cabana area there's a
BBQ there and we see lots of people use
the hot tub in the poll year-round
there's access to the unit trans bus
line which is the PQ line and then we
also have the bike path which most
people use to get to and from school or
to and from downtown davis which is
really convenient it's a green way to
sort of support the community and all
the things that we do here and davis
my name is Adam dar bone my Rolie I can
see I keep a TMC so I get to be kind of
the craziest fan out there I did I lived
in Adobe last year actually I loved
adobe adobe was awesome the staff at
Adobe was fantastic the pool and all the
amenities it was a great place to live I
love living in Adobe tandem properties
and Aggie pack you've been working
together for I think over 15 years now
it's kind of cool working out with a
local organization like this for so long
it kind of creates a family kind of feel
it's a unique partnership